Steph you want to buy a new smartphone
you have a pretty long list to choose
from and it wouldn't hurt to narrow it
down for starters you should decide what
range you want your phone to be even if
you can't afford the latest premium
handsets fresh off the production line
but also don't want to get a low and
budget phone the logical and pretty much
only option is getting a mid-range
device now you've somewhat shortened
that list but there are still a lot of
device about there so to give you a
start we are comparing three of these
devices to see which would be more
suitable for you dot vehicle oq 2100
measures 150 2.4 x 75 x 9.3 millimeters
and features some security options that
managed to impress greatly as well as
its premium appearance did thanks to its
glossy finish to its plastic body the
handset also comes with a fingerprint
scanner the galaxy grand Prime weighs
150 6 grams and has a plastic body while
the janay control 4s comes with a glossy
body with a mate finish according to gsm
arena the quad core processor clocked at
1.3 GHz and branded mediatek mt6589 1gb
of RAM represents the echo lo q 2100 s
internal configuration which competes
today against the galaxy Prime's 1.2 GHz
quad-core Snapdragon 400 and equivalent
1gb of RAM the ctrl v4 s has the same
1.2 GHz quad-core configuration starting
once again with Nia Cole the device has
an 8mp rear camera that comes equipped
with dual LED flash and 1080 HD video
recording capabilities the Jenna handset
can't compete with that offering only 5
MP for the rear camera which sport
however unloved flash of its own
alongside a complementary front facing
camera with 0.3 m
out of the three the echo lo q 2100 is
the most advanced with better specs in
many categories including the camera
processor or display size